We give in this file the license information of
the Zelda XD2: Mercuris Chess quest.

- Lua scripts are licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
in version 3.

- Most data files other than Lua scripts are licensed under
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 (CC BY-SA 4.0).
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

- Some graphics, sounds and names include content that belong to Nintendo.
We don't own this content.

This quest was made by the Solarus team.

Main contributors:
- Christopho
- Metallizer
- Olivier Cléro
- Newlink

Scripts under GNU GPL v3:                           Author
-------------------------                           ------
**.lua                                              Christopho, Metallizer, Olivier Cléro

Data files under CC BY-SA 4.0:                      Author
------------------------------                      ------
**.dat                                              Christopho, Metallizer, Olivier Cléro

fonts/minecraftia.ttf                               Andrew Tyler: http://www.andrewtyler.net

logos/icon.icns                                     Olivier Cléro
logos/icon.ico                                      Olivier Cléro
logos/icon_*.png                                    Olivier Cléro

sounds/zonzifleur/solarus_team_logo.ogg             Zonzifleur

sprites/console/cursor.png                          Maxs
sprites/console/icons.png                           Maxs
sprites/hud/gameover_fade.png                       Metallizer
sprites/hud/dialog_box.png
sprites/hud/icons_flip.png
sprites/hud/item_icon_1.png
sprites/hud/item_icon_2.png
sprites/hud/magic_bar.png
sprites/hud/rupee_icon.png
sprites/menus/arrow.png                             Metallizer
sprites/menus/dungeon_map_background.png            Metallizer
sprites/menus/hero_point.png                        Christopho
sprites/menus/options_cursor.png                    Christopho
sprites/menus/outside_world_clouds.png              Metallizer
sprites/menus/pause_cursor.png                      Metallizer
sprites/menus/pause_save_dialog.png                 Metallizer
sprites/menus/quest_status_pieces_of_heart.png      Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_background.png         Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_cloud.png              Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_cursor.png             Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_option_container.png   Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_save1.png              Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_save2.png              Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_save3.png              Metallizer
sprites/menus/selection_menu_save_container.png     Metallizer
sprites/menus/solarus_logo.png                      Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/team_logo.png                         Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/team_logo_text.png                    Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_daylight_background.png         Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_daylight_clouds.png             Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_dx.png                          Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_night_background.png            Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_night_clouds.png                Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_star.png                        Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_sunset_background.png           Olivier Cléro
sprites/menus/title_sunset_clouds.png               Olivier Cléro

Original art inspired from Nintendo:                Author
------------------------------------                ------
musics/bulby/*.ogg                                  Bulby: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz6zvgkf6eKpgqlUZQstOtQ
musics/shield/*.spc                                 Shield

Original art inspired from various references:      Author
----------------------------------------------      ------
musics/larryinc64/*.ogg                             LarryInc64: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp8cixTHfmu7slFJFFlyFPA
musics/doctoroctoroc/*.ogg                          DoctorOctoroc: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpEI4NuWSISo6LvAUAoa4pg

Files that include content from Nintendo:
-----------------------------------------
fonts/alttp.png
fonts/green_digits.png
fonts/la.ttf
fonts/white_digits.png

languages/*/images/*.png

musics/*.it

sounds/*.ogg

tilesets/**.png

sprites/enemies/enemy_killed.png
sprites/enemies/ganon.png
sprites/enemies/tentacle.png
sprites/entities/arrow.png
sprites/entities/bomb.png
sprites/entities/boomerang.png
sprites/entities/bush.png
sprites/entities/chest.png
sprites/entities/dark*.png
sprites/entities/explosion.png
sprites/entities/hookshot.png
sprites/entities/items.png
sprites/entities/miscellaneous.png
sprites/entities/shadow.png
sprites/entities/teletransporter.png
sprites/entities/case.png
sprites/hero/*.png
sprites/hud/dialog_icons.png
sprites/hud/hearts.png
sprites/hud/small_key_icon.png
sprites/menus/dungeon_map_icons.png
sprites/menus/fairy_cursor.png
sprites/menus/hero_head.png
sprites/menus/link_cursor.png
sprites/menus/selection_menu_letters.png
sprites/menus/title_logo.png
sprites/npc/alttp.png
sprites/npc/blacksmith.png
sprites/npc/fat_fairy.png
sprites/npc/ghostly_proprietor.png
sprites/npc/great_fairy.png
sprites/npc/witch.png

